Use HTTP 1.1 in for NS1 dynamic DNS HTTPS monitors (#29)
octodns/octodns-ns1: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.0.3 - 2023-??-?? - Support the root

* Enable SUPPORTS_ROOT_NS for management of root NS records. Requires
  octodns>=0.9.16.

> * Use HTTP 1.1 in for NS1 dynamic DNS HTTPS monitors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configurable http version for dynamic HTTPS monitors, to enable HTTP/1.1 support
```
